# MPUTOY_APP

MPU TOY folder contains godot project. When the project is loaded, select android export and verify android build template. If it requires rebuild android/build but copy the old AndroidManifest.xml in the new folder. This guarantee the possibility to save log file with sensor readings and label selected from the button in the app. For problems on installing godot follows IM-TWIN-App repository.
GetAngle folder contains Arduino Code for data Acquisition. getangle\_classification folder contains code for real time classyfing and manage lights/sounds output (now you can use also this for data acquisition!). MPU data output range: +-2g accelerometer(gravity is compensated in the scripts!!!), +- 500 deg/s gyro, (0°,360°) tilt angles. Algorithms and further information can be found on the github page of the arduino mpu6050_light library. The app shows real time plot of tilt angles and accelerometer data. Log files menu allows to collect data basing on the label selected in a organized file. fft\_computation and dt\_model contains data processing used for realtime already included in getangle\_classification codes. There is another code, "first classify", that allows real time classification without majority voting (first try) on serial monitor, just for not losing it. .fzz file contains breadboard view, schematic and pcb board prototype. play_sounds contains mp3 file that needs to be saved on a microSD card in  and an example script for playing sounds. Actually the dt_model is trained with 10 data acquisition of the same subject and extracted from python (google colab labistc2024@gmail.com) with a max depth of 8. Colab scripts contains codes for training and saving the model and for testing, chatGPT was used to translate the DT model in a C code (model.h).UPDATE: new models are translated by micormlgen lib python. data anlysis folder contain some data for model testing on python and for model.h generation. 1.0.1 UPDATE: ADDED SLIDER FOR VOLUME AND LEDS, NOW THE DEVICE TURN LED WHEN ON, AND THEN LIGHTS AND VOLUME CAN BE TURNED ON AND REGULATED BY THE APP.
